on the lake the white fleet of
Lake Constance invites you in from the water
whether by canoe by sailboat or by
linienschiff already an everyday
Commuter ferry passage can take a breath of
Holiday mediate the so-called white
Fleet these are the ships of Lake Constance
Ship operations around the transport in
our times annually over 2 million
passengers over the lake the proud ms
Überlingen lays off the sun in constancy
seems happy and sitting on deck
acting people
I'm going to be all summer
I like the prospect of continuing
the peaceful way
We like that and above all else
this crisscross drive now mine
Constance now back in Meersburg or
überlingen and lives in hagnau
So there's a student in the ship
opportunities well mostly a fresh
air and has because it is bad
Of course not so nice but we have
So we are lucky most of the time
weather it is only there as heat too
made of big rounds is stone
on the rhine and below to bregenz
one does not need to inhabited abroad
beautiful when thinking about storage
car or lake Garda in all around
this high-tech cockpit glazed
the most modern bodensee ship is hardly
to feel a vibration of the machine
no wind hardly noises the captain
explained that in the construction of this
ship environmental standards an important
have played role
there was already the construction and the
construction made sure that this
ship in fuel consumption very cheap
is designed from drag
how do you do it?
the current and this under water
construction not so optimized
that you do not cause much waves
So when I'm on this ship very much
well accomplished
So if we have a great shape there
The children are not so much anymore
because there will be too few waves
bit of history in the pile museum on
the opposite shore of the lake
we have already learned that in the
Stone and bronze time traffic on
the lake prevailed and the 20,000
Visitors during the Constant Council
Most of the meals came with the board
over the water the history of the modern
passenger shipping begins before
about 200 years
In 1824 there was the first one, so to speak
course ship with a steamboat from
friedrichshafen from direction rorschach
that has then evolved it
gave
then the Baden shipping also in
Konstanz the time later the Bavarian
Shipping from Lindau and just the
Württemberg from Friedrichshafen the
were then summarized as later
after the second world war then too
through the German railway the whole
countries and has taken over shipping
that's how she was born
Bodensee ship operations then only
2003 came off the train has the train has
the colorful ship then to the
Stadtwerke Konstanz sold at 18
million overnight stays a year
The Bodenseeregion one of the most important
tourism destinations Lake Constance
environmentally friendly by boat tour so
silke rockenstein the spokeswoman of
bodensee ship operations that is one
real trend so what very strong
continue to come is the
yes have bicycle tourism at Lake Constance
We keep on increasing and paying
we also focus on that
for example, the new ship ms
We have a lot more to do over there
area for bikes also planned
more space for each bike
because yes, the passengers always
more valuable drive for humorous
Participate in the Bodensee Schiffsbetriebe
at the European
Environmental certification the so-called
formerly the seal of quality and put it that way
at least a bit far from nature
and landscaping demand the
bodensee landscape to get
We attach importance to partnerships
offer many combo tickets with
our big partners here at the lake like
For example, the island mainau a
Kombiticket and Federal ship operations
For example, emas is also certified
that means we also put a lot here
Worth that our guests
Environmentally friendly get to us on board
So for the last leg of this Lake Constance
travel direction rheinau